Major Motoko Kusanagi: 
We weep for a bird's cry, but not for a fish's blood. 
Blessed are those with a voice. 
If the dolls also had voices, they would have screamed, "I didn't want to become human."

25 of 25 found this interesting | Share this

Lin: 
We got loyalty even in my line.

Bateau: 
There's loyalty that protects secrets and loyalty that projects the truth. 
You cannot serve both masters, so which loyalty is yours?

6 of 6 found this interesting | Share this

Major Motoko Kusanagi: 
If we all reacted the same way, we'd be predictable, and there's always more than one way to view a situation. 
What's true for the group is also true for the individual. 
It's simple: Overspecialize, and you breed in weakness. It's slow death.

40 of 40 found this interesting | Share this

Major Motoko Kusanagi: 
There are countless ingredients that make up the human body and mind, 
like all the components that make up me as an individual with my own personality. 
Sure I have a face and voice to distinguish myself from others, but my thoughts and memories are unique only to me, 
and I carry a sense of my own destiny. 
Each of those things are just a small part of it. 
I collect information to use in my own way. 
All of that blends to create a mixture that forms me and gives rise to my conscience. 
I feel confined, only free to expand myself within boundaries.

58 of 59 found this interesting | Share this

Section 6 Department Chief Nakamura: 
Nonsense! There's no proof at all that you are a living, thinking life form!

Puppet Master: 
And can you offer me proof of your existence? How can you, when neither modern science nor philosophy can explain what life is?

37 of 38 found this interesting | Share this

Major Motoko Kusanagi: 
You talk about redefining my identity. I want a guarantee that I can still be myself.

Puppet Master: 
There isn't one. Why would you wish to? All things change in a dynamic environment. Your effort to remain what you are is what limits you.

33 of 34 found this interesting | Share this

Puppet Master: 
It can also be argued that DNA is nothing more than a program designed to preserve itself. 
Life has become more complex in the overwhelming sea of information. 
And life, when organized into species, relies upon genes to be its memory system. 
So, man is an individual only because of his intangible memory... and memory cannot be defined, but it defines mankind. 
The advent of computers, and the subsequent accumulation of incalculable data has given rise to a new system of memory and thought parallel to your own. 
Humanity has underestimated the consequences of computerization.

34 of 36 found this interesting | Share this

Batou: 
That's all it is. Information. 
Even a simulated experience or a dream is simultaneous reality and fantasy. 
Any way you look at it, all the information that a person accumulates in a lifetime is just a drop in the bucket.

9 of 9 found this interesting | Share this